you
this is the new canon powershot g1 with
its near digital SLR size sensor but to
understand how Canon got to this
position with its 11th in the g series
of cameras we've got to go back in time
to 2000 when Canon launched powershot
g12 the g1 weighed in at four hundred
twenty grams which is quite light
compared to some of the other G Series
cameras it had a three point three
megapixel sensor a three times optical
zoom to it supported the compact flash
media card format and it had a 1.8 inch
vari-angle LCD these are features that
stayed with the g series of cameras up
until two thousand and seven when the g7
launched and that's where we'll go now
with the arrival of the g7 we saw a
major redesign the camera had a 10
megapixel sensor and a 6 times optical
zoom instead of the very angled LCD on
the rear we had a 2.5 inch fixed LCD the
maximum aperture setting was decreased
from two on previous models to an f-stop
of 2.8 SD memory cards became the media
format of choice and this camera
couldn't shoot RAW images it wasn't a
which best buy
something's gone terribly awry
that's better so here we have the g11
now interestingly cannon reduce the
number of megapixels on this model the
g10 previously had a resolution of 14.7
while the g11 had a resolution of 10
this bucked the trend many camera
manufacturers were launching cameras
with high resolution just the cell
models that can improve the point by
saying it wasn't just about megapixels
when it comes to picture quality the g11
had the same optics as the g10 and that
was with a 5 times optical zoom slightly
less than 6 times optical zoom found on
previous models but it did give a wider
angle of 28 millimeters with the g11 we
also saw the reintroduction of the very
angle LCD screen but it was much larger
than the one point eight inches we found
on previous models this one had a 2.8
inch display the canon g11 was a best
buy now if i can get my coordinates
right i should be 0 to get back
so for more information on the canon
powershot g1 for reviews of hundreds of
other digital cameras and for digital
camera advise that our website at which
co dot UK